[Music] I
wanted to start today's live by
making some clarifications
regarding the one that they're asking me
today. I'm going to have a little water with
your permission and you'll say that it's a
cover Javi because of course they are the kids, the
kids so used to it that they
were every day but here you
are just waiting, starting. Sorry, I
took you away that not even now, Lucas
the crazy one is that every time I see you, daughter, I
come up with a really bad rhyme, really bad
and I wouldn't like to tell you because you're a
member of my heart ringing.
One way is a cancellation. Normally, they
usually cancel me in the
progressive press or on Twitter, which
is also a problem, mostly. No, in
fact, I have a wife, I have a wife who
writes to me every
day,
every day, she writes to me super crazy and
sends me things about the PSOE, I mean, she's super
offended that I [ __ ] on the PSOE
and that I [ __ ] on Podemos and she doesn't
understand it and the wife
sends me things about the PP every day, she sends me these photos.
Look, I
don't know if you're going to get to see it.  but
well each one takes there are people who
take things very personally I
can give my opinion I can give advice
I can open eyes so that they
manipulate us and stop manipulating us
like for example today no
how handsome with glasses thanks thanks
the truth is that I look handsome
anyway and it stings a little I just have
a little irritated and I go up to two or
three days without contact lenses not to
rest a little and air out and
get a little soda in my eye
well if they are smoking me acne that I
see you in the chat saying that it is
strange well acne is on my
right hand and is used to it
happening to us every day
what is today's case what is the
terrible one was one today with which they are going to
end my career
or because this well they have already come to me with
this clip the fans of chocas the fans of I
don't know who the fans of I don't know which the
fans of all the u2 berardi 2 that
I have criticized
every time I criticize some of
these youtubers that I make a wine but that
a criticism and it  I put them in their place they are
stung okay they stay as
stung that they are already
waiting for the rest of my details to see
if at some point they can return it to me
to see if at some point they
make a slip in which they can
return it to them and I think that today's was
very good you were what I told you I
think that today's capable and ends my
career the other day is from the other day
of the girl who made me the cover for
four videos is not there I don't know not so much the
other time that facua broadcaster
these news media that got me out people who
had filed 8 thousand complaints against me
almost got it too but I think
that today's is the definitive one I think
today's is the definitive cover that
will finish off Javi Oliveira
and that there are some out there who are
celebrating before time and are
making videos exclusively to
say that I have no forgiveness
but videos that those who start watching
my videos one by one and say that ha ha
that I have no repercussions that's why
I am verified on twitter guest in
the whole series and that's why we  15
million visits a month between 15 and 20
million to visit me but well each
one dreams of their things not attentive
because it is very good it is a pilar goya thank you
very much year a huge kiss I
forgot to put the link of members today on
credit but if you want to put them I will
fix them and well this is just that I will
not be with the area yet then
if you want we put it okay wait
let's let's see
the click
that can end my career
when this viral eclipse and I know that it has been
well here on this twitter it has
eight thousand visits but I have seen them
out there with 15 with 20 this click
definitely I think it's my end
I think that after this clip
to listen to me is what I'm going to
tell you listen to me both I'm going to say
after this clip definitely
nobody should be a member of this channel
if you were thinking of being members today
after this clip please don't
do it okay I ask you please okay
everything we
are talking about a person who averages
35 takes you want
and you are always with the criticisms to everyone
Maria po equal  that the rest of the channels
on the channel
but you go take it by the ass Maria
Moreno the criticisms to all
[Music]
and that way of giving it to the ass that
how strong
what girl to all the channels they try to
criticize the others what to try channel
speaking clearly what is Kenyatta's channel about
criticizing the others
so brat is that brat what an
outrage three times three times I have
sent the lady to take it by the ass
three times I have sent the lady to take it by the ass there is no one
who can stand this
kid
I am a person who characterizes myself
like YouTube
for accepting my mistakes
if I have them for accepting my
mistakes and apologizing when I slip up
wrongs do you think towards you suddenly it is worth
putting one if you think that this is an
occasion in which I should apologize
because I slipped or two if you think that
now when I explain it to you I
will be right as always
really be sincere is I do not want I do not
want followers who are sheep like
those of Diego Arrabal or like those of other
channels and others okay be I want you to
be sincere  that's right I slipped up put
one if you think I'm going to be right
put 22 in the chat okay if you think I'm
going to end up asking for forgiveness put 1 if you
think that in the end I probably
fell short put 2 okay it turns out that of
course mansaca or even videos no
here we have a super
opportunistic person super opportunistic not the same
as those on twitter no super opportunistic
no javi oliveira loses his temper
wise man oliveira loses his temper with
a follower for giving her opinion
what an angelic lady and then this
piece of opportunist in the video this
piece of opportunist says do you read the
ceo of javi oliveiras loses his temper
with a follower or audience of youtube
for a simple comment javi oliveira
directly insults a woman for giving her
opinion this is really a good
defamation because I have not insulted
anyone the lawsuit is going to take it up the ass
valuable here we already started more the
description I have not sent it to take it up the
ass
okay although that's what happens well nothing
for this we see it here so you can see
why so that it is not  say it's okay
for the people who are criticizing me to say it,
this would be the comment
okay, this would be the comment that I
respond to with lady, go it would be a pain in the
ass, Balear, okay, Maria Moreno
Martinez with an accent on Live
Hub and she's always criticizing
everyone, okay, I think if each Spaniard wants a peseta
but no, not even where they have to give it if they
come into my house to insult me, it's going to
touch my memorable ones, I also send them to
hell and back, of course, but the
lady has only posted an opinion, Pilar,
I thank you, the super driver, it's that
the innocent lady has only posted an
opinion,
Javi, you're always criticizing
everyone, it's a piece of [ __ ] opinion, things
as they are, opinions are [ __ ] because
this lady is a fan of all the channels
that criticize everyone every day, okay,
this lady will probably continue with Diego
Arrabal, the one with the cap, here at dawn, to
all those who criticize everyone,
JM Raya, thank you very much, welcome to
the family, okay, so your opinion is
[ __ ],
what's going on, of course, here on
YouTube there's something I'm going to
show you, okay, but  I'm taking this moment away from you
so you don't see what so you don't
see the pittance that he charged and I'm going to
show you one thing okay here on youtube you
have this window where
you come in
and here are all the comments that
people leave me throughout the day let's see there are
a lot of people there are a lot of people
I can't remember everyone
but I do remember the people who are the most
active in the chat maybe
by their name maybe by their
avatar maybe by the way they
write more or less spark more or less it
sounds familiar to me okay let's write exactly
the name of that user that I
insulted just for giving their opinion
okay we said it was maria
moreno
marc
tynes and it only had the accent on
martinez okay what happens is there are
a lot of comments from
users so before starting this
live I went and I said hey javi
why doesn't he pick up stop
before asking the lady sir
before asking the lady for forgiveness
why doesn't he pick up and we make a selection
of the best comments and even
so it's post post thank you very much
sweetheart welcome  and she said come on
why don't we so we don't have to read
all the comments come on let's
make a selection of the comments
this lady that I see every day in
the chat and I see her every day in the
comments box of my channel is not
putting this type of things no javi
is always criticizing
others javi I don't know what
haha he keeps criticizing your boss's girlfriend
but well javi how he criticizes
your boss's girlfriend hahaha you are changing
this new gray law other
lice to her who carried the girl with
broken shoes ha ha ha
thanks to you for your videos ballet it is a
video in which she criticizes Roco Carrasco
and everything and okay this is on the
main channel it is still worth it in javi oliveira
look here you have it okay I love your videos
ole your videos are worth it she without
the same what is happening that she
loves my videos when it is against
Carrasco okay
this video we are already on the
secondary channel javier canijo okay here you see
the wolf the canijo capture that he just
took from starting direct
this is a video that is  uploaded
last year is one of the videos in which I
received the most harassment from another
youtuber because when I asked him with the
ice cream cart that he wanted to
remove an interview from me, he started
playing the victim, my mother is at the
Joel Ochoa hospital, that's why he wants to take it away from me
ok let's see if he doesn't sell me out like he sells out to
the others ok and a lot of thousands of
people had like four or five thousand
people who subscribed because
of being a youtuber and thousands more came to
insult me in this video and other videos
ok
he is better than you better person we have
come for him he has lost his shame you
don't make money he asked for it and
got it and you want it for yourself
this was two months ago ok lady eat
every day let's see I know you from
commenting every day more than you put
like 78 and not even Maria Castedo
welcome do you think you're smart hahaha what a mouth
who will follow you post Maria
Moreno you
don't criticize so much and make a living
Colom and still continue thank you very much
welcome to the family don't criticize
so much and make a living alone  mindundi
javi antonio vila has done very well
applaud what
with sonsoles no, she is very false this
mindundi busted you
keep criticizing your boss's girlfriend
like you criticize your boss's girlfriend
javi in your intimate life you are also that
bad or controversial enrique every day it is
worse I am not at all uneducated in both
environments a lot xavi you see him in the same
day he is posting many comments you
are still the same javito envy eats you up you are
not ashamed live off him
javi the master nits you know everything and
understands nothing javier is the master
read / from the same comment they put
several videos on you you are a potato to the
kilo javi there the estuary with the capture
what an idiot in this in this video he
said that it seemed right to him that diego
had every right to publish on
his social networks my license plate is worth
a saint you are not and juanjo never told you
anything you if a piece you are poor federico to
have a son like you with that
vocabulary ha ha ha it's a shame it
's just a small it's just a small
compilation ok
of some comments you can go you can
go to my  videos you can go to my videos and
search for the ones that are there they are real okay I have
n't deleted them okay I must have
lost some of them because I would block them in
the chat sometimes so
number 2 lady go [ __ ] yourself [ __ ] yourself
uche and
all those who are like you are born lando
from my channel or I want to see
and well once this issue is settled and
this issue is clarified so that you have the
explanations of everything because I am a
person who look you I do
n't mind responding to things and
facing things you know, I mean there are those
who keep quiet when they are being accused
of something, there are those who keep quiet and look the
other way so as not to give publicity
to those who are criticizing them and then there are
people like me who go straight
ahead and answer you and give you
explanations okay
[Music]